Split Contributions to a separate article (#87)
xsleaks/wiki: content/_index.md

This wiki is meant to both introduce readers to XS-Leaks and serve as a reference guide for experienced researchers exploiting XS-Leaks. While this wiki contains information on many different techniques, new techniques are always emerging. Improvements, whether they add new techniques or expand existing pages, are always appreciated!

> More information about contributions can be found in the [Contributions]({{< ref "contributions.md" >}}) article where also all the contributors are acknnowledged.

Reviewer: How about:

Find out how you can contribute to this wiki and view the list of contributors in the [Contributions]({{< ref "contributions.md" >}}) article.

Author: ```suggestion
Find out how you can contribute to this wiki and view the list of contributors in the [Contributions]({{< ref "contributions.md" >}}) article.
```
